README.md, before:

# Vanilla JavaScript Flappy Bird ![flappy bird](/assets/images/yellowbird-midflap.png)

## Description
This project is a clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird. It's a simple yet addictive game where the player controls a bird, attempting to fly between columns of green pipes without hitting them. The game is renowned for its straightforward gameplay mechanics, charming pixel art graphics, and a difficulty level that is challenging yet engaging.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#Features)
- [How to Play](#How-to-Play)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)


 
## Features
- Simple Controls: Tap the spacebar to make the bird flap its wings and gain altitude. The goal is to navigate through the gaps in an endless series of pipes, with each successful pass scoring a point.
- Endless Gameplay: The game has no end - the challenge is to achieve the highest possible score. The pipes' positions vary, requiring the player to constantly adjust their strategy.
- Score Counter: The game includes a score counter, which increments with each set of pipes passed. This allows players to keep track of their progress and set personal bests.
- Charming Graphics: True to the original game, our clone features simple yet appealing pixel art graphics, creating a nostalgic and enjoyable gaming experience.
- Responsive Design: The game is designed to be playable on various screen sizes, ensuring a seamless experience across different devices.
- Sound Effects: The game includes sound effects to enhance the gaming experience and provide audio feedback to the player.

## How to Play
1. Open the game in your browser.
2. Tap the spacebar to make the bird flap its wings and gain altitude.
3. Navigate the bird through the gaps in the pipes.
4. Try to achieve the highest possible score by passing as many sets of pipes as you can!


## Installation
### Using node.js and live-server
To run the game you will need to have node.js installed on your machine. If you do not have node.js installed you can download it from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/). Once you have node.js installed you can follow the instructions below to run the game on your machine.

1. clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/seanrobertmcmanus/FlappyBird.git
```
2. install live-server 
```bash
npm install -g live-server
```
3. navigate to the repository
```bash
cd path/to/FlappyBird
```
4. run live-server
```bash
live-server
```
5. open the game in your browser
```bash
http://127.0.0.1:8080/
```

### Using Visual Studio Code Live Server Extension
If you have Visual Studio Code installed you can use the Live Server extension to run the game. If you do not have Visual Studio Code installed you can download it from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/). Once you have Visual Studio Code installed you can follow the instructions below to run the game on your machine.
1. clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/seanrobertmcmanus/FlappyBird.git
```
2. open the repository in Visual Studio Code
3. right click on the index.html file and select "Open with Live Server"


## Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Custom PNG images
- Custom sound effects


## Authors
- Sean McManus

Commit message:

Add play again functionality and update game instructions

README.md, after:

# Vanilla JavaScript Flappy Bird ![flappy bird](/assets/images/yellowbird-midflap.png)

## Description
This project is a clone of the popular mobile game Flappy Bird. It's a simple yet addictive game where the player controls a bird, attempting to fly between columns of green pipes without hitting them. The game is renowned for its straightforward gameplay mechanics, charming pixel art graphics, and a difficulty level that is challenging yet engaging.

## Table of Contents
- [Features](#Features)
- [How to Play](#How-to-Play)
- [Installation](#Installation)
- [Technologies Used](#Technologies-Used)


 
## Features
- Simple Controls: Tap the spacebar to make the bird flap its wings and gain altitude. The goal is to navigate through the gaps in an endless series of pipes, with each successful pass scoring a point.
- Endless Gameplay: The game has no end - the challenge is to achieve the highest possible score. The pipes' positions vary, requiring the player to constantly adjust their strategy.
- Score Counter: The game includes a score counter, which increments with each set of pipes passed. This allows players to keep track of their progress and set personal bests.
- Charming Graphics: True to the original game, our clone features simple yet appealing pixel art graphics, creating a nostalgic and enjoyable gaming experience.
- Responsive Design: The game is designed to be playable on various screen sizes, ensuring a seamless experience across different devices.
- Sound Effects: The game includes sound effects to enhance the gaming experience and provide audio feedback to the player.

## How to Play
1. Navigate to the game [here](https://seanrobertmcmanus.github.io/FlappyBird/) or follow the installation instructions below to run the game on your machine.
2. Tap the spacebar to make the bird flap its wings and gain altitude.
3. Navigate the bird through the gaps in the pipes.
4. Try to achieve the highest possible score by passing as many sets of pipes as you can!
5. *NOTE*: You can play again by refreshing the page, I will be adding a play again button soon.


## Installation
### Using node.js and live-server
To run the game you will need to have node.js installed on your machine. If you do not have node.js installed you can download it from [here](https://nodejs.org/en/). Once you have node.js installed you can follow the instructions below to run the game on your machine.

1. clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/seanrobertmcmanus/FlappyBird.git
```
2. install live-server 
```bash
npm install -g live-server
```
3. navigate to the repository
```bash
cd path/to/FlappyBird
```
4. run live-server
```bash
live-server
```
5. open the game in your browser
```bash
http://127.0.0.1:8080/
```

### Using Visual Studio Code Live Server Extension
If you have Visual Studio Code installed you can use the Live Server extension to run the game. If you do not have Visual Studio Code installed you can download it from [here](https://code.visualstudio.com/). Once you have Visual Studio Code installed you can follow the instructions below to run the game on your machine.
1. clone the repository
```bash
git clone https://github.com/seanrobertmcmanus/FlappyBird.git
```
2. open the repository in Visual Studio Code
3. right click on the index.html file and select "Open with Live Server"


## Technologies Used
- HTML
- CSS
- JavaScript
- Custom PNG images
- Custom sound effects


## Authors
- Sean McManus
